i once had to interview lady gaga
using an american accent because her
manager
told me there was no way she'd be able
to understand my northern voice
can you repeat that
so your accent you are from latvian
lancashire an exotic place i grew up in
blackburn
did you now hey maybe we were in the
same year at school
what school did you go to i went to a
school that was confusingly called
everton high school
it's been abolished though it's been
demolished
it's been demolished and uh as is my
dad's house and as as
uh the house we lived in before that oh
my god every comedian's dreams have a
blue plaque outside a house but
they're just wiping all history of me
the hospital that i was born in
has been knocked down as well and now
it's a block of flats
across from what used to be where we
used to go shopping
quicksave that's been knocked down too
my mom used to work at quicksave
no she got out before they knocked it
down
i haven't seen it for a while they've
even knocked down the brewery
that's it oh my okay i'm gonna i'm gonna
step in at this point
and uh just see if we can open the show
out to people who didn't
grow up in blackburn so
you were interviewing lady gaga why
why do you shut up why were you
interviewing
lady um i was um
presenting a music tv show of course
and um yeah she was promoting one of her
brand new
singles i want to confirm you've met
lady gaga yeah 100
is she very little she's not very little
how little um
i'd say she's about five foot six pretty
tall
pretty tall
statuesque surely
how far did you get into the interview
before lady gaga said i haven't
understood a single word this lady has
said to me
i was chatting away asking her loads of
questions really liked her out i just
want a figure just a number just okay
just a minute i don't know like
two minutes was that two minutes mainly
you talking about
what in blackburn had been demolished
yeah and when you did the american did
she do blackburn from there
all right what are you thinking well i
think
it's true because well because it's very
plausible
that aj has interviewed lady gaga
and it's also plausible that lady gaga
just doesn't understand more than one
kind of accent well here's the thing can
you understand what she's saying
yes because i'm bright
lady gaga your songs are great your
outfits are tremendous but not so good
with the english
so are you struggling to understand
their lancashire accent
no this is where i'm worried that it
might not be true because i think
everybody's clear isn't it and the other
thing about americans
is i find as someone from the north
myself that they think we're all posh
they just think everyone with an english
accent is posh so we all sound the same
to them
mate they do not fit your past let me
tell you that
right now
what are you going to say on behalf of
your team right i think well
i don't know i'm saying true true okay
we're going to go
true but i can't understand why lady
gaga can't understand her all right but
you're saying true
okay aj were you telling us the truth or
you telling us a lie
i was telling you a lie